Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

Making coffee;
  A: 
    SET coffee
    SET water
    SET beans
    INIT groundBeans to zero    
    INIT coffeeMaker to empty
    INIT full to capacity
    IF water equals empty
      INCREMENT water to full
    END IF
    WHILE beans are not groundBeans
      INCREMENT beans to groundBeans
    END WHILE
    ADD groundBeans to coffeeMaker
    water PLUS coffeeMaker equals coffee
    SHOW coffee



Washing dishes;
  A;
    SET dish to dirty
    SET rack to empty
    SET water
    SET soap
    INIT sink to capacity

    FUNCTION wash
      IF dish equals dirty
        GET dish
        SET dish to clean
        SHOW dish
      END IF
    END FUNCTION  

    WHILE water does not equal sink capacity
      INCREMENT water
    END WHILE
    ADD soap to sink
    FOR each dish
        add dish to sink
        CALL wash
        add dish to rack
    END FOR


A choice of your own.
  A: Cook breakfast;
    SET egg to uncooked
    SET stove to off
    SET pan
    SET butter
    SET time to cooked egg
    IF stove equals off
      ADD butter to pan
      ADD pan to stove
      SET stove to one
      CALL Making coffee      
    END IF
    IF egg equals uncooked 
      ADD egg to pan for time
    END IF
    SHOW egg
    SHOW coffee

As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem. 
It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. 
Name three companies who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., 
Google's search algorithm. It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product). 
Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines; 
what about each of your cases make them stand out?
  A;
    1. LensCrafter's "Eyewear in about an hour" algorithym. LensCrafters perfected the proposition of fast eyewear products.
    They solved the issue of recieving eyeware quickly to customers by creating this process–arguably better than 
    previous eyeware processes.

    2. Nest's smart home thermostat product is an example of a perfected algorythm. Nest created the
    algorithym of tuning temperature control preferences of one's home by connecting those preferences
    from the actual heating of the home to one's digital devices, in addition to "learning" optimal temperature
    control effeciencies, which save the consumer money.

    3. Digit's mobile saving algrithym is another example. Digit perfected the algorythm for consumers to save money 
    by analyzing spending and saving habits, then adjusting daily savings amounts to optimize both savings as well as debt
    for individuals. In addition Digit also takes advantage of our "always connected" world by optimizing communication
    through mobile devices.
    

Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.
  A;
  I think an efficient algorithm has the following characteristics;
   - clearly stated, meaning the functions it follows are understandable and have a clear purpose
   - A clear roadmap to a result. Meaning, the steps taken are understandable in the sense of the final outcome or goal.
   - Quality results, meaning the process followed yeilds results that are more or less predictable in the qualities desired.

  Compare that to an inefficient algorithm, which I believe has the following characteristics;
   - Over-complicated, meaning the process it takes to achieve the result is confusing and creates a lot of 'churn.'
   - variable outcomes. Meaning, the process yeilds wildly varying results and unintended outcomes.
   - Excessive time, meaning an inefficient algorithm takes an unacceptable amount of time to work through it's process to a result.